Add a new “Projects” section/page to the existing Nearby website.

IMPORTANT:
Keep the exact existing Nearby branding, colors, typography, spacing, navigation, buttons, and overall visual language. Do not redesign the rest of the website.

PROJECTS PAGE

Add “Projects” to the main navigation between “Services” and “Contact”.

The page should showcase real businesses Nearby has worked with.

Hero section:

“Projects”
“Some of the businesses we’ve helped get found and get seen.”

Keep this section short and visual.

PORTFOLIO GRID

Create a clean responsive image grid of project cards.

Each project card should contain:
- A large image/thumbnail
- Business/restaurant name
- Short category such as “Café”, “Restaurant”, etc.
- A very short description of what Nearby worked on
- Optional small tags showing the services provided

Use a modern editorial-style grid rather than generic rectangular cards.

For example:

[ LARGE IMAGE ]
Café Name
Café • Ajmer
Google Business • Instagram • Content

[ IMAGE ] [ IMAGE ]
Restaurant Name       Café Name
Restaurant • Ajmer    Café • Ajmer
Instagram             Digital Setup

The grid should automatically become:
- 3 columns on desktop
- 2 columns on tablet
- 1 column on mobile

PROJECT CARD INTERACTION

When a user clicks a project, open a clean project detail view/modal rather than sending them to an empty page.

The detail view should show:
- Larger project images
- Business name
- Category/location
- “What we did”
- Services provided
- Optional short project description

Keep it visual and concise.

Do NOT create fake project information.

For now, create the portfolio system using placeholder project entries clearly labelled “Add Project”, so I can replace them with my actual restaurant images and information later.

Make the project data easy to edit in one place in the code, for example:

projects = [
  {
    name: "...",
    category: "...",
    location: "...",
    description: "...",
    services: ["Instagram", "Google Business"],
    images: ["..."]
  }
]

I want to be able to add another restaurant by simply adding another object to this list.

PROJECT IMAGES

Make the image system support multiple images per project.

The main Projects grid should use the first image as the cover.

When a project is opened, show the rest of its images in a small gallery/carousel.

Use proper image cropping and consistent aspect ratios so the portfolio looks polished even when uploaded photos have different dimensions.

Do NOT use random stock photos once I provide real project images.

EMPTY / FUTURE PROJECTS

If there are no projects yet, show a tasteful empty state:

“More projects coming soon.”
“Building better digital presences, one local business at a time.”

Do not show broken images or empty cards.

CTA AT THE BOTTOM

After the portfolio:

“Want to see your business here?”

“Let’s build something.”

Button:
“Talk to Nearby”

The button should open WhatsApp:
https://wa.me/916378034887

Keep the Projects page minimal.

No testimonials.
No fake statistics.
No unnecessary animations.
No fake client logos.
No giant paragraphs.

The purpose of this page is simple:

SHOW THE WORK.

Make the images the main focus and let the branding/content support them.